oh my fucking god what's going on my
little shit titties out there how are we
doing on this awesome and sexy day we
haven't seen each other face to face in
a couple days what have we been doing
well after a 24 hour livestream we ran
into a couple walls because we didn't
see the walls because her eyes were so
fucked up being sleep-deprived that's
mentioned yesterday was Labor Day we had
some sausages and some lasagna and some
other baked ziti little Italian typo a
little crappin that's pretty good and
then of course I had diarrhea later
alright so anyways today's video is
gonna be a little different of a topic
not necessarily runescape Ian topic
yes it is something interesting
something that one of you guys actually
asked me not really sure if I remember
your runescape username I'll try to
magically remember it in me brain
right on talking now anyways the
question was what is my favorite video
games on each council of well just game
system out there so me being a video
gamer of 26 years old yes I'm 26 I'm not
29 I'm not 39 I'm not 89 that's if I was
89 years old I'd probably the best
good-looking 89 year old on the fucking
planet however besides not having a
saggy nut sack and yes having a ball
sack that has dropped I know some people
out there well their little ones and
they don't necessarily have ball sacks
that I've dropped just yet but then they
type nasty dirty little comments however
besides on those individuals I grew up
playing video games and I love my life I
thank God every single day for my life
because I grew up in the error when
video game consoles were coming out to
yes I grew up during regular nintendo
which is just ness nes nintendo
entertainment system then super nintendo
entertainment center and then of course
you know you have sega genesis you have
in 64 you have whole bunch of other game
systems out there you have Dreamcast you
have a Sega Dreamcast and it goes on and
on and on so let's see well to start it
out with my favorite game on reg reg
regular nintendo and of course you know
nintendo entertainment center system
would have to be metroid prime why i
don't know but you spend like fucking an
hour and a half of beating the game and
then you realize oh shit it starts all
over again and then you're kind of like
fuck me running then go down to super
nintendo was my favorite game on Super
Nintendo I would have to definitely say
my favorite game for super nintendo
would be zombie ate my neighbors why is
Ombey ate my neighbors a favorite game
it has to do with zombies it was like my
first zombie game out there it was
awesome it was sexy and my god I died a
thousand times then of course Sega
Genesis well that's no
my favorite sega genesis game out there
would obviously be sonic the little
Hedgehog why well it's a no brainer
goddammit it's fucking Sonic the goddamn
Hedgehog running around I mean seriously
classic goddamn game then of course in
60 40 was my favorite in 64 game
probably most likely my favorite in 64
game would have to be goldeneye
double-oh-seven yep Goldeneye 2000
goldeneye double-oh-seven why is my that
my favorite James Bond game in general
or favorite game for n64 these I spent
many many hours on the game just running
around in circles doing shit in general
literally just killing the same
individuals over and over again so i
would probably most likely definitely
say it would be goldeneye
double-oh-seven then of course after in
64 came on well sega dreamcast which
really didn't last long however my
favorite game for sega dreamcast would
be crazy taxi why because it has a great
fucking soundtrack i used to play that
game all the time just for the
soundtrack I know it might sound insane
but that's the reason why then of course
Gamecube hmm my favorite game on game
kid would probably be resin evil remake
yeah it would be the resident evil
remake and probably Resident Evil 0 ah
now I'd say the resin evil remake then
of course PlayStation my favorite game
is resident evil director's cut even
though res evil 3 nemesis was fucking
awesome I still go if resident evil
director's cut playstation 2 that's no
brainer GTA vice city all the way I have
many many mucho Grande hours on the game
and holy shitballs then of course
nintendo wii i had for one week would be
resin evil chronicles because that's the
only fucking game i played getting
arthritis to my wrist doing a little
jack off motion there um then of course
what am i missing xbox 360 that's that's
really all I don't know xbox oh yes I
don't think we sent xbox Xbox favorite
game out there probably it's a tough one
because halo really did change my gaming
experience
it really really did however the my
favorite game that i probably spent the
most time on would be mara when the
Elder Scrolls three yeah I mean it may
change if I go and play halo and stuff i
would say Marwan the Elder Scrolls 3
playstation 2 we already said GTA vice
city playstation 3 I don't have I don't
have a PlayStation 3 so therefore I
can't really give a game however a lot
of PlayStation 3 games are the same on
xbox 360 xbox the 360 wow this is
actually tough one because I do love
black ops the first one nazi zombies
however i don't necessarily like playing
black ops in general like you don't like
the campaign i don't really like
multiplayer that's a toughy
Wow fucking let's say black ops nazi
zombies for xbox 360 and of course
playstation 4 xbox one I don't know
anyone just yet and that's basically
pretty much about it for game consoles
all yes I'd be a fucking hypocrite if I
didn't say my favorite pc game was
runescape cuz in actuality I really do
love runescape I love playing the game
sometimes it pisses me off like a love
hate relationship and pow right in the
kisser power out of the kisser jagged
Studios assholes and of course nothing I
really assholes but sometimes they can
produce horrible horrific updates
anyways guys let me know it's nasty girl
0 comments what is your favorite video
games all the council's that I basically
named and let alone pc in general if you
never play take a Genesis or played in
64 let me know also and as always if you
enjoyed this video please thumbs it up
I'll see you little bastards prime most
likely tomorrow or maybe the day after
ba